Hello, I want to show you how to change
my old key ring
the t-60 is pretty shabby for seven years
steam room labeling sat all erased
squirrel is already a very bad species
I found 1499 Chinese on ebay
trinket well how would I think delivery
for free what the quality is like so what
here came the key chain came I already
keychain with a lid divided into two parts
with the ability to change the battery in
difference from old
didn't let me even open it here
strain so first things we must
pull out the key the car key itself from
keychain so we pulled out no longer the cap
peeled off I say the keychain went up to
its logical conclusion
so you need to change now what are we
do so as a fob unreassembled us
you need to break it
about what to break along the edge without damaging
chips for this take a knife and
we start to break it around
insert the knife into the slot and start
break the key chain into pieces without trying
do not damage of course electronic
stuffing
I have already expanded a little q I want to show you
especially here the chip stands here as
just the same and u need not damage gently
knife sharp
On the chip Ryazan these then plush
will have to order and encodes the new in
center
we broke the key chain and got to
electronic part of the most important and so
compare the top of the principle the same
the most
the only silicone is a little bit bigger
white bottom is very profitable
characterized by the fact that there is access to the battery
that is, I can change the battery
parsing the hull itself and so old lady
body postpone
I will have to change the battery side
anyway battery
because at 10 weak points but I can
do everything later install
microcircuit in place in the new case and
the new building is just great
snaps into place
since we are the foundation plump to them
planets jelly nothing and at the end
insert the key
voila here's a new keychain
normal with all the inscriptions with the icon
borovoe new
everything is fine thanks to all if you have
ask questions